I don't believe it's a ver o clock
Charlotte man I welcome to Walmart
warriors oh yeah we've been through this
before even the kids remember sure oh no
I'm occasion one of the African noticed
when i go to be uh excuse me Dave oh
you're not allowed to say that it's a
very naughty word isn't never ever say
that oh very cheeky now what's all the
arguing about well it's just that day
though not all of them have big ears oh
come on clothes an elephant is an
elephant oh hey Rudd like we arguing
about elephants again why don't we just
take a look at today's story everything
will be explained told you they go
little is oh stop it you two look I'm
afraid clauses right Dave oh the
Malaysian elephant has much smaller ears
that is African cousin and that's one
way that you can tell them apart are you
sure it's not plastic surgery the only
surgery needed around here is on your
brain if I can find it hmm okay what's
wrong with those little fillers they
don't look very happy you're right there
Dave Oh they've lost their mums and
their dads that's awful I'll get sad
happy right well well Malaysian
elephants are protected some bad pain
will still fit and unfortunately their
parents were killed and that's why these
little ones are so unhappy who's going
to look after them we've got to get some
wildlife warriors there on the double
dead help that's right Dave Oh in fact
that's okay because these little fellows
are getting first class treatment at the
milaca zoo yep and they're about to get
a one-way ticket to a nice new home you
see the perth zoo in australia had only
one malaysian elephant and she was very
lonely so it was decided that the three
baby elephants would be sent to
keep her company oh that's a great idea
but how do you send elephants pretty
hard to fit in a letterbox I record now
yet dollop they were carefully put into
big wooden boxes and taken by truck to
the airport it's really important not to
frighten the little ones too much so it
was all done at night when it was dark
and well bad trucks enough to frighten
anyone now once they're at the airport
they're all gently lifted onto a jet and
flown to their new home in Perth where
they're living very happily right now
Jumbo's on a jumbo hey hey bye yes what
are you givin a sick elephant hmm I
don't know a lot of rain pal dearie me
actually today I think we should award
to wildlife warriors medals of Honor oh
yes one each to the milaca and pursues
all making some sad little elephants
very happy hey well done right well
that's it from wildlife warriors today
catch y'all next time and remember i
love you because she want this way wanna
what Dave oh I mean it's just like it's
driving around the twitter i get your
you